more faq cleanup (#211)
risc0/website: docs/faq.md

What do I do with the receipt once I’ve created it?
</summary>
A:
After Alice creates a <a href="https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#receipt">receipt</a>, she'll typically pass it to Bob who will want to <a href="https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#verify">verify</a> its authenticity. 

> Bob does not need access to the souce code, but Bob will need access to the <a href="https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#image-id">image ID</a> of the expected program. <br/>

Reviewer: Hmm, while not a technical requirement I think in most cases Bob will want either the source code or the compiled code (i.e. the ELF file). What about this?
```suggestion
At a minimum, Bob will need access to the <a href="https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#image-id">image ID</a> of the expected program.
For most cases, Bob will want to know what code was run, and will therefore also want the <a href="https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#elf-binary">ELF file</a> or the source code that generated it.
Bob can verify the receipt was created by this code by constructing the <a href="https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#image-id">image ID</a> from the given ELF file and using it for verification. <br/>
```

Author: Great!
